Fix Server Functions documentation examples (#8538)
reactjs/reactjs.org: src/content/reference/rsc/server-functions.md

  const [isPending, startTransition] = useTransition();

  function submitAction() {
    startTransition(async () => {
      const {error} = await updateName(name);
      // State updates after an await aren't automatically Transitions, so wrap them
      startTransition(() => {
        setError(error);
        if (!error) {
          setName('');
        }
      });
    });
  }

  return (
    <form action={submitAction}>
      <input
        type="text"
        name="name"
        value={name}
        onChange={event => setName(event.target.value)}
        disabled={isPending}
      />
      {error && <span>Failed: {error}</span>}
    </form>
  );
}
```

This allows you to access the `isPending` state of the Server Function by wrapping it in an Action on the client.

For more, see the docs for [Calling a Server Function outside of `<form>`](/reference/rsc/use-server#calling-a-server-function-outside-of-form).

### Using a Server Function as a Form Action {/*using-server-functions-with-form-actions*/}

Server Functions work with the new Form features in React 19.

> You can pass a Server Function to a Form to automatically submit the form to the server. React passes the submitted `FormData` to the Server Function as its first argument:

Reviewer: we should add a link to MDN form data here so that users can see what is included in the form data
[FormData](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData) link so users know what functions are available. 

```suggestion
You can pass a Server Function to a Form to automatically submit the form to the server. React passes the submitted `[FormData](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData)` to the Server Function as its first argument:
```

    <form action={updateName}>
      <input type="text" name="name" />
    </form>
  );
}
```

When the Form Action succeeds, React will automatically reset the form's uncontrolled fields. Server Function forms can be submitted before the JavaScript bundle loads. You can add `useActionState` to access the pending state and last response.

For more, see the docs for [Server Functions in Forms](/reference/rsc/use-server#server-functions-in-forms).

### Calling a Server Function with `useActionState` {/*server-functions-with-use-action-state*/}

> You can call Server Functions with `useActionState` for the common case where you just need access to the action pending state and last returned response. The Server Function receives the previous state as its first argument and the submitted `FormData` as its second argument. Its return value becomes the next state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call Server Functions with `useActionState` for the common case where you need access to the Action's pending state and the last returned response. The Server Function receives the previous state as its first argument and the submitted `[FormData](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData)` as its second argument. Its return value becomes the next state:
```

}
```

> When the <CodeStep step={2}>permalink</CodeStep> is provided to `useActionState`, the browser will navigate to the provided URL if the form is submitted before the JavaScript bundle loads. At the destination, render `useActionState` with the same Server Function and permalink so React can pass the returned state to it.

Reviewer: ❤️  I really like pointing out that this is browser behavior, not React behavior.
